chore: remove deployReactive methods (#68)
lukso-network/tools-lsp-factory: docs/classes/LSP3UniversalProfile.md

   - `version` - `string`: The version of the `UniversalProfile`, `LSP6KeyManager` and `LSP1UniversalReceiverDelegate` contracts you want to deploy.
   - `deployReactive` - `boolean`: Whether to return an RxJS Observable of deployment events.
   - `byteCode` - `Object`: An Object containing the creation + runtime bytecode of each smart contracts being deployed.
     - `erc725AccountInit` - `string`: A "0x"-prefixed hex string of the `ERC725AccountInit` contract bytecode to use for deployment.
     - `keyManagerInit` - `string`: A "0x"-prefixed hex string of the`LSP6KeyManagerInit` contract bytecode to use for deployment.
     - `universalReceiverDelegateInit` - `string`: A "0x"-prefixed hex string of the`LSP1UniversalReceiverDelegateInit` contract bytecode to use for deployment.
   - `libAddress` - `string`: The Address of a Base Contract to be used as implementation behind a proxy contract (eg: [EIP1167](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-1167)).
     - `erc725AccountInit` - `string`: The Address of a Base Contract to be used in deployment of ERC725Account Contract.
     - `keyManagerInit` - `string`: The Address of a Base Contract to be used in deployment of KeyManager Contract.

>      - `universalReceiverDelegateInit` - `string`: The Address of a Base Contract to be used in deployment of Universal Receiver Delegate contract.

Author: Indeed this options object will need it own page and description of how it works. I added a description of the options object to clarify how the default behaviour works

     - `tags?` - `string[]`
     - `links?` - `{title: string, url: string}[]`
2. `contractDeploymentOptions?` - `Object`

>    - `version` - `string`: The version of Universal Profile Contracts you want to deploy

Author: Still to be implemented and there will be some changes to this options object. Though this param will be used to select the version for all contracts, then user could also specify a version of specific contract if they want a different version to the one specified in this variable

   - `deployReactive` - `boolean`: Whether to return an RxJS Observable of deployment events

>    - `byteCode` - `Object`: Custom bytecode to be deployed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - `byteCode` - `Object`: An Object containing the creation + runtime bytecode of each smart contracts being deployed
```

     - `erc725AccountInit` - `string`: Custom bytecode to use for deployment of ERC725Account Contract
     - `keyManagerInit` - `string`: Custom bytecode to use for deployment of KeyManager Contract

>      - `universalReceiverDelegateInit` - `string`: Custom bytecode to use for deployment of Universal Receiver Delegate Contract

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     - `universalReceiverDelegateInit` - `string`: A "0x"-prefixed hex string of the`LSP1UniversalReceiverDelegateInit` contract bytecode to use for deployment.
```
